>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right, so we
practiced a little bit with the first two
cases when we did the min max and
we did it again for just more generic.
So case three is, if we wanted
to delete 2 here from our tree.
What we want to do is find the minimum
of the right tree, right, which is 4,
and swap it with a deletion.
So afterwards, you want the 4
to be in place of where the 2
was.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Student 1: That's
weird.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
want me to say it one more time?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So,
when we're deleting a note in a middle and
it has two children, whether or
not it has subtrees or
whatever, it doesn't matter.
You wanna find the minimum
of the right subtree,
and swap it,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: With the to
be deleted.
>> Student 1: That will always work,
because values on the right will always
be bigger than values on the left.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, so all of these.
>> Student 1: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All of these are gonna
be less than 6.
>> Student 1: Yes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then since 4 is
less than 5,
it's still meeting our requirement.
>> Student 1: Yes,
okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Student 1: Witchcraft.
So something to think about,
again, is what if we deleted 6?
And that's something to think about.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool,
any questions before
we dive into the code?
>> Student 1: So the, cuz if we delete 6,
we can't do the thing we were doing
on the left cuz there is no min.
No, there'd still be a min.
You just wanted us to think about that,
not talk about it?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Well,
it's something you're going to have
to account for in all of your code.
And we're gonna go through
the solution for it, but
I want you to come up with it on your own,
basically, before I tell you.
But just think about it.
Think about the edge cases
whenever you're creating your,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Your data structures
and algorithms, right?
It's just good practice to try to predict
what edge cases might arise that you
might need to account for.
Cuz it's useful to show,
if you're in an interview,
it's useful to show your interviewer,
I'm thinking about the big picture here.
I'm not tunnel visioned.
I'm an engineer who is thoughtful and
intentional about my code and
considers edge cases.
And there are more edge cases beyond this,
right?
There's the traditional edge cases,
like what if it's empty or
what if It's null?
Some stuff like that.
Cool?
All right, well,
I think you know what to do.
You might want to pair, pseudocode it out,
maybe you want to finish
the other exercises first,
so deleting the 1 and the 2.
I'm sorry, the 0 and the 1.
Before moving on to the second one so
that you make sure you can test your code.
>> Student 1: Should these be different
methods or
one awesome method that does all
the things?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I like to have
different methods just to break it out,
but,
>> Student 1: Chef's choice.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Exactly, there was one
more thing I wanted to say about this.
Yeah, it might be useful.
Actually, before we do
this let's implement
a validation method that's gonna validate.
It's going to,
you call it on your tree and
it returns true if it's a valid binary
search tree, and returns false if not.
And this will help you as
you're building all this,
to make sure that you're
doing your swaps correctly.
So it's just a way to make testing easier,
cool?
>> Student 1: Okay.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Great, any questions?
So and that's also in the exercises, so
if you go into the binary search tree
exercises there is the is validate and
it should be right before
the delete node method.
Not required but super helpful.
It's also a very common
interview question so
it doesn't hurt to have
that one in your tool belt.